1.
a) Data - Data is raw information that needs to be processed and organised in order to extract
		  meaningful information from it. In terms of a DBMS, data is single items that are stored
		  in a database.

b) Field - Field refers to single pieces of data that is part of the record. It is used to describe single
		   elements of the record such as name, address, phone number etc.

c) Record - a record is each row of a table. It represents a specific entity such as a person, thing or place.

d) File - Records that are collected and stored together is referred to as a File. It is stored in a structured
		  format and organised into tables such as 'Customer'.


2. A DBMS allows the user to interact with the database. It is software and/or a collection of programs that
   enables the user to store, modify and extract information that can be used to assist in business related queries.

   Advantages:
   - Allows users to have access to information that is stored in the database

   - End users are able to get a view of the organisation's operations and are more aware of the bigger picture.

   - In a properly designed database, data inconsistency is reduced. All departments have access to the same
   	 consistent information instead of different conflicting information.

   - The use of queries enables the user to find quick and accurate answers to business questions.

   - You are able to make better decisions if you are able to have efficient access to properly managed data 
     that is of  hopefully better quality information.

   - In the cut throat business world, you need to be able to make quick informed decisions. When you have easily
   	 available data and the tools to efficiently access and interpret that data, then you are able to make better those
   	 quick informed decisions.


3. Data is raw facts that are collected and stored in an unstructured format. You cant get meaningful information
   from raw data. 

   When you convert that raw data in a structured and meaningful way that can be interpreted for efficient use, then
   it is known as Information.


4. Metadata is data that is used to provide information about other data. It is "data about data". 
   It can make working with data easier as it can summarise the basic basic information about the collected data.


5.
e) 4 records
f) 5 fields 